Under the hood.

1.  Move the power steering fluid reservoir aside. (No disconnecting.)
2.  Next to that, remove the coolant overflow tank. (Unscrew its lid by hand.)
3.  Remove the serpentine belt. (Use a 14mm short socket with 3/8" drive, on a slim bar with 3/8" drive. Push aluminum AC line toward the back of the car for clearance.)
4.  Remove the 2 14mm bolts on the passenger motor mount bracket that is under the power steering pump pulley.
5.  Crack the 17mm bolt on that same passenger motor mount bracket, and tilt up that bracket.

Under the car.

6.  Remove the front passenger wheel. (22mm lug nuts.)
7.  Remove the crank pulley. (19mm bolt and impact drill. If it's never been removed before, use a breaker bar, with a "crank pulley" tool for leverage, that you can borrow from Autozone.)
8.  Remove the serpentine belt spring-tensioner. (14mm on the lower spinner, 12mm just below that.)
9.  Remove the lower passenger motor mount bracket. (3 14mm bolts.)
10. Remove the 3 plastic timing belt covers. (10mm. First, remove 2 covers on top to expose 2 cam shaft pulleys, then remove one cover below to expose 1 crank shaft gear. Use a 90-degree drill attachment for those particular thread-sticky 10mm bolts.)
11. Put the crank pulley bolt back on, just the bolt, and spin it clockwise until 3 things line up: crank shaft gear marks, front cam shaft pulley "1" to the line, and rear cam shaft pulley "line" to the line.
12. Remove the timing belt piston-tensioner. (2 10mm bolts.)
13. Use a c-clamp to slowly press the timing belt tensioner and lock it using a pin or straightened spring.
14. Replace the timing belt, begin at the crank shaft gear, and go up to your right (front of the car), without disturbing alignment.
15. Put the timing belt piston-tensioner back on, and pull the pin.
16. Repeat #11 to verify that you've installed the timing belt correctly, and not off by a single tooth!










IMPORTANT: you have an interference engine; the pistons and valves
consume the same space, at different times. The timing belt must
never snap while the car is running; replace it early or on time!

Interference engines are efficient and powerful. They allow higher
compression. And because your timing belt is on the side, it's very
easy to replace. If it snaps while the car is running, the crank
shaft and the 2 cam shafts can no longer turn in sync. The pistons
will make contact with the valves and therefore bend those valves.
Replacing the timing belt then, can make your engine shake itself
and the entire vehicle, work-hardening copper wires and much more.
That's because some cylinders (the space where combustion occurs)
will leak compressed air, due to the valves not seating in their
seats. You'll need 2 head jobs, which are both connected to exhaust
piping, which is difficult to undo. Head jobs are likely beyond you.

So replace the timing belt early or on time! On the other hand, the
water pump can be left alone, but ONLY if you replace the radiator
fluid early or on time, since this same fluid lubricates that pump.
Other than this interference flaw, your vehicle is very repairable,
and is the best buy, to the date of this writing (Jan 3 2026.)

It is better to have a timing belt than a timing chain. Both need
to be replaced regularly. Belts snap, chains stretch permanently.
Although chains last longer, they're not a quick intuitive fix
like the timing belt on this Honda V6 J-series engine.
