Dear Microsoft, XMimikatz.

Remember WDigest & Mimikatz? Afraid for your clients?
You need exposure-independent and symmetry-independent authentication--
Authorship: without rolling-codes, EVERYTHING already given to the verifying
party, and EVERYTHING the verifying party contains, can be safely exposed raw
forever. And EVERYTHING withheld from the verifying party can be withheld
indefinitely, increase in size and quantity forever, and is always new for
every authentication event.




14. EXPOSURE-INDEPENDENT AUTHENTICATION (typically, authentication--rolling-code
    or not--relies on shared secrets;  employers allow you to open a door if and
    only if that door accepts your ID or secret  string  of characters--matching
    what the door already expects to see. The door is aware of a secret and must
    never expose it.  But if instead the door contained your  Authorship  number
    which only you modify,that ever-changing number can be displayed on the door
    and even made public. EVERYTHING you gave the door,  and EVERYTHING the door
    contains, can be  safely  made public raw.  And thanks to  super-flexibility
    of Authorship, those things can be safely made public raw, forever.)
15. SYMMETRY-INDEPENDENT AUTHENTICATION  (feature 14;  verifying parties are not
    and need not be aware of what any  Authorship number  should look like after
    modification.  In  fact,  no one knows;  numbers are not  predetermined  but
    generated upon  modification.  They can be  any string,  but preferably that
    which Authorship gives you. The  essence  of Authorship is what emerges from
    the  presence  and  absence  of keys.  Verifying parties  simply  check that
    modification makes sense  mathematically.  They are given every function but
    not every key; modifying parties  indefinitely  withhold all-new secrets for
    each event. And thanks to super-flexibility of Authorship, those secrets can
    increase in size and quantity forever.)
16. ENCRYPTION-TYPE-INDEPENDENT  AUTHENTICATION  (feature  15;  the  essence  of
    Authorship is a  clever  assembly  of  encrypted  items.  Those items can be
    anything  of  difficulty,  including  riddles,  encrypted  files,  and  even
    philosophical puzzles. A deeper essence of  Authorship  is what emerges when
    solutions are withheld,  selectively.  No matter the encrypted item type, it
    stands alone to serve as something solved or unsolved (2 actions.)Authorship
    does not depend on item particularities in order to assemble those items.)
